# Old High Level Consumer API

    class Consumer {
        /**
         * Create a ConsumerConnector
         *
         * @param config  at the minimum, need to specify the groupid of the consumer andd the zookeeper 
         *                connection string zookeeper.connect.
         */
        public static kafka.javaapi.consumer.ConsumerConnector createJavaConsumerConnector(ConsumerConfig config);
    }

    /**
     * V: type pf the message
     * K: type of the optional key associated with the message
     */
    public interface kafka.javaapi.consumer.ConsumerConnector {
        /**
         * Create a list of message streams of type T for each topic.
         *
         * @param topicCountMap  a map of (topic, #streams) pair
         * @param decoder  a decoder that converts from Message to T
         * @return  a map of (topic, list of KafkaStream) pairs.
         *          The number of items in the list is #streams. Each stream supports
         *          an iterator over message/metadata pairs.
         */
        public <K, V> Map<String, List<KafkaStream<K, V>>>
            createMessageStreams(Map<String, Integer> topicCountMap, Decoder<K> keyDecoder, Decoder<V> ValueDecoder);

        /**
         * Create a list of message streams of type T for each topic, using the defaut decoder.
         */
        public Map<String, List<KafkaStream<byte[], byte[]>>> createMessageStreams(Map<String, Integer> topicCountMap);

        /**
         * Create a list of message streams for topics matching a wildcard.
         * 
         * param topicFilter  a TopicFilter that specifies which topics to
         *                    subscribe to (encapsulates a whitelist or a blacklist).
         * @param numStreams  the number of message streams to return.
         * @param keyDecoder  a decoder that decodes the message key
         * @param valueDecoder  a decoder that decodes the message itself
         * @return  a list of KafkaStream. Each stream supports an
                    iterator over its MessageAndMetadata elements.
         */
        public <K, V> List<KafkaStream<K, V>>
            createMessageStreamsByFilter(TopicFilter topicFilter, int numStreams, Decoder<K> keyDecoder, Decoder<V> valueDecoder);

        /**
         * Create a list of message streams for topics matching a wildcard, using the default decoder.
         */
        public List<KafkaStream<byte[], byte[]>> createMessageStreamsByFilter(TopicFilter topicFilter, int numStreams);

        /**
         * creaate a list of message streams for topics matching a wildcard, using the defaukt decoder, with on stream.
         */
        public List<KafkaStream<byte[], byte[]>> createMessageStreamsByFilter(TopicFilter topicFilter);

        /**
         * Commit the offsets of all topic/partitions connected by this connector.
         */
        public void commitOffsets();

        /**
         * Shut down the connector.
         */
        public void shutdown();
    }

你可以follow[这个例子](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/KAFKA/Consumer+Group+Example)学习如何使用高级consumer API。